---

school: 101
date: "2001-10-13"
actions:
  - 302
students: 300
students_age: 12-19
teachers: 0
parents: 0
_id: 816
_school:
  name: Yamato Minami High School
  city: Sugikubo 2545-8
  country: Japan
_datetime_registration: "2001-11-02"
_datetime_approval: "2001-11-05"

---

# Report

Environmental posters which encouraged environmental actions. Some students made speeches. "Please e-mail to our school and share the environmental actions!" Some of the students speeches: "Hi this is Fuchi,….preserve the environment ..we have been using up all our natural resources…..begin to Recycle….", Kaori Watanabe: "My topic is garbage. ..it is natural that we should recucle…the things we got from the Earth, return to the Earth …let´s try to make as little garbage as possible. From now on our assignment is to protect our Earth …", Naoto Sakuraba: "I beleive that recucling is very important. At my office the workers collect styrofoam and milktetra packs for recucling. ……I want to make more people aware of recycling ….", Ayumi Yoshida: "My topic is deforestation. Now the Earth´forest is being cut down….we have to keep forests….Be a PAPER SAVER.", Tomoko Okuyama: "Forests are very important to the Earth. Many creatures are living in the forest. But people are chopping down valuable forests……people should live with nature forests.", Shou Tokura: "It is important to Recycle and Reuse. I exchange new CDs and used CDs…..the flea market is very nice …it needs a lot of people to reduce, so let´s all recycle and reduce as much as we can. It helps taking the first step for the Earth", Shibuya Chika: "Forest conservation…we can´t live without plants and trees…..Because we cut trees we destroy animal homes….plant trees for clean air in order for us to breathe.", Akazaki Satoshi: "Litter makes the streets look dirty….Some people throw their litter on the ground even when tere is a garbage can near by. I think it is good to fine a person for littering in Japan. PLEASE DON´T LITTER!!", Takahasi Sachika: "Unusual Weather…extreme high temperature and low temperature, typhoons, flooding, storms, tidal weaves, tornados and heavy snows can affect the Earth….can damage crops, animals and lives….If many people try to do better, the earth will be a cleaner place better than now"

# Feedback

Students and Teachers participated
